Add a page on sandbox into the docs (#5)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/sandbox/Sandbox-FAQ.md

### Withdrawals

#### Sandbox

Once a withdrawal is created, fees (if any) will be charged and then the requested withdrawal will automatically be paid out. This process from start to finish should take roughly one minute, with pause between charging any fees and then paying out the money requested.

<!-- theme: danger -->

Due to how fast you can request withdrawals (multiple in one day), you can end up in a state where you withdraw into negative cash. This cannot happen in production.

#### Production

Once a withdrawal is created, there can be a multi day process of selling down the holdings in a portfolio to cover the amount of money requested by the withdrawal.

### Valuations

#### Sandbox

Valuations for Portfolios are always generated at the same time each day. This occurs at 8AM (UTC).

#### Production

Due to the nature of the platform, we may not generate valuations at the same time each day. Generally valuations for all portfolios should be available by 9AM (GMT) but this is not guarenteed.

### Orders

#### Sandbox

> Depending on your portfolio's mandate type, portfolios may be managed by us which means we will be placing the orders for the portfolios. We do not currently do this in sandbox. If you require this for testing, please raise a service desk ticket and someone will be able to help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders you create will automatically move into a `Matched` state roughly 30 seconds after creation, at which time the `Buy`/`Sell` transaction will be booked into the Portfolio for that day. The transaction will then automatically move into a `Settled` state roughly 60 seconds later.

We do not currently create orders in Sandbox for portfolio setups that will managed by us. If you need some orders created for your testing then please raise a service desk ticket and we will try to help.
```

#### Production

> If your portfolios are managed by us, we will be placing orders for your portfolios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your portfolios are managed by us, we will be placing orders for your portfolios.

Be aware that orders will usually not match until after 3pm on the day they were created, and typically not settle until 2 days after they were created. This will vary by ISIN.
```

We should probably as Ops for better wording
